# Restaurant-Management System
In many restaurants, waiters/waitress tend to miss out on customers call during busy hours and hence causing the reduction in clients.While this is an ongoing issue,there is still no product that can improve the communication between the server and customers. Hence the goal is to reduce the waiting time of the customer by being able to order food through the software. The Restaurant Management System helps the restaurant manager to manage the restaurant more effectively and efficiently by computerizing meal ordering, and billing .

Many of the benefits associated with the use of restaurant management systems are related to automation and speeding up processes to improve the customer experience. Modern customers expect fast, frictionless service and restaurant management software play a key role in meeting these expectations.Additionally, such solutions can serve as a critical piece of restaurant technology because they bring so many different processes together in a single location.

**PROPOSED SYSTEM**

Nowadays, many restaurants manage their business by manual especially like taking customer order.Restaurant waiter takes the customer ordering by manual system with using paper. Customer does some formal conversation like hello, hi, etc. Than he demands for today’s menu and do some discussion over menu items then he orders. It takes 5 to 10 minutes to book the order and waiter book the order on paper so there is probability of losing the information.

There might be some communication problems or sometimes language might be a barrier. As a result, the current system (manual system) is not effective and efficient to use anymore. As entire booking has to be done manually at the restaurant end, the chances of occurrence of mistakes is high as well. The current system cannot save, manage and monitor menu information, customer ordering information and generate receipt as well

Restaurant Management System provide an system based food ordering system without help of a waiter. It involves seller and buyer which could bring benefits to each other. It is win-win situation that will bring benefits to the world. This system was bringing a convenience for customer that can make order by help of a computer. It provides customer with a completely new way to make order. By providing customer convenience and also increase the sales. No time wasted is when the order is taken or when the customer is browsing the menu over the system.
